Or write so I think this is actually taking form.
All right.
So we already are displaying some content here dynamically titled alter the date we need to actually
display the image here.
That's one of the things I told you we were going to do.
And then after that we were going to be messing around with a sidebar.
But right now let's go ahead and go to our code somewhere here and the go to the end it's.
Let's open this up a little bit.
And let's go to actually working files right here and it's right here.
All right.
So we are in you as a matter of fact.
So what do we want to do here the way we insert images there right now we won't be able to insert images
on less.
Because think about it like this when the data comes into our polls you just refreshes.
All right.
Let's go to the structure.
See this is a software that organizes that database is just basically a software that organizes data.
All right.
So this is now actually taken in the image inside the database is actually providing a reference to
where the image is located.
We need another file to get the image in there to get that reference.
All right.
So I'm going to show you real quick how we do that.
All right so what we do what we need to do have in our database is a reference to where the image will
be located or the name of the image.
In this case.
So let's have the reference of the image.
So we have an image just for the day what we need to put an image there so that we can see it right
later on we will be doing that and the would be messing around with that in the in the admin section
right.
So let's just go ahead and let's go to my pictures.
Sigh Here are some pictures that I got here and this just copy one of these images here and I copy it
with my keyboard.
And that I'm just going to paste it in there in let's go to where we have our blog re opened this up
so to the images folder and here on the page the image and right get the name of the image copy into
my keyboard memory there and a computer memory with my keyboard.
And while we going to do here is we need to look for the image.
We are in the end it's up we would need to look for the image section.
Right so the image.
So let's go ahead and we are actually getting the image out of here right here.
This is going to be the reference that data is what we need to put the name of that this we need to
put the name of the image inside the data of the database.
So right now the image is being displayed here somewhere right here.
All right.
And we need to actually tell it to display it.
We are going in.
It's right here and we have all for the cool images.
So we have to do is actually put images and then the name of the image.
And this case is going to be
variable right here pulls image right.
So we're going to do some ph being here.
Always think that this area is going into that we're going to have to find a plug in for that but right
now we just concerned about writing this post image this very thing here.
So we have the polls much we close the speech tag perfect make this monitor where you can see what where
what I just did what we did is put some ph By be tax between the images for Shlash.
You see that that's the name that would be the name of the file that is right here.
But we need to put the name of the file somewhere else.
All right.
So let's go back to it.
That's pretty neat right.
That's why I like this Ed..
I know.
So let's go to our database and let's pull that reference database right here.
Let's go to.
One of the fields actually one of the roles this is playing in the first one and here you see a mess.
And this has added in the post image of value.
There is a tets field which actually changes to something else.
But anyway name with image.
JP G.
Click.
Go.
And we should be able to see that refresh as you can see there.
Here is the image right there being display from our database.
Right of course we're not going to be doing this manually for every other project here.
And of course we're going to be able to do this from the administration area.
All right.
So anyways I want to show you how to do this video here.
Remember that we are you know just doing everything on the front end right now.
Later on we will be jumping into the admin area where we could do this from there which will be awesome.
But anyways thank you so much for watching this lecture here and I'll see you in the next one.
Take care.